Added extractVariables method to IOFactory (#2515)
PHPOffice/PHPWord: docs/changes/2.x/2.0.0.md

## Enhancements

> - Word2007 Writer : Added extractVariables method to extract variables from word [@sibalonat](https://github.com/sibalonat) in GH-2515

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IOFactory : Added extractVariables method to extract variables from a document [@sibalonat](https://github.com/sibalonat) in [#2515](https://github.com/PHPOffice/PHPWord/pull/2515)
```
